Name: Dummy Fighter;	

Description:
	Is a simple turn based game containing two scenes: Editor and Fight. 
	Core gameplay is to program Dummy Fighter behavior by dragging and dropping icons in a UI Layout in the Editor scene, 
	with following observation of the engagement in the Fight scene;
	Each turn has two steps, representing states of the game actor. Each step lasts 0.5 seconds,
	Idle lasts 1 second, but it's also two steps in game logic
	There are five states: Idle, Attack, AttackReturn, Dodge, DodgeReturn, which have respective states in AnimationStateMachine; 
	Combinations of states determine damage dealing and receiving in each state:
	Idle - Idle: no damage done, no damage received;
	Attack - Idle: doing the basic damage;
	Attack - Dodge: no damage done, no damage received;
	Attack - DodgeReturn: dealing doubled damage;
	Attack - Attack: both the player and the opponent receiving triple damage;

	There are four types of gameplay events: Think, Watch, Attack, Dodge. 
	These events are linked to a chain. Events are executed one by one following the chain order by default, 
	but links themselves might change execution order;
	Think and Watch are correlated with the Idle state, Attack, and Dodge with respective states.
	* When Think event is triggered, Read the next Link. 
	Replace next Link with a Link of an index calculated based on a number of steps defined by respective event properties forward or backward on the chain.
	* Watch event also controls the chain execution order. There's 50% chance to read the next opponent's chain event when triggered.
	In case of success, the next event of player's chain will be a Link with an index calculated based on a number of steps defined by respective event properties forward or backward on the chain.
	* Attack and Dodge on triggered, just run respective actions without changing the order.

Editor Scene: 
	ChainInspector GUI is a horizontally scrollable drop zone for elements from LinksLibrary. 
	The Link is UI of an object controlling respective events of gameplay. 
	When a Link is dropped on ChainInspector, in case of Watch or Think link, child GUI GoToDisplay shall set enabled.
	GoToDisplay has three elements, labeled: "idle", "attack", "dodge". Click on that element should change its image color making it focused, 
	and being focused make possible to change the number (0 by default) by clicking "+" and "-" icons on sides of LinksLibrary.
	These manipulations shall set up respective chain transactions when the event will be triggered. 
	If any another element is clicked, the focus will be lost and default color will be set.

	On scene loaded, loading previous session data to ChainInspector.
	Buttons: Fight, Close, Undo, Redo. 
	On click Fight: save chain data in Streaming Assets folder (save), Load Fight Scene;
	On click Close: save; close the app.
	On click Undo, Redo: executes the multiple Undo/Redo functional.


Fight Scene:
	In this scene, we can see the result of manipulations in the Editor scene. There are two simple animated 3D assets representing the player and the opponent.
	Damage is reflected on two progress bars on top of the screen. When starting animation is finished, the game is started. 
	Click on button Replay restarts the scene, button Exit closes an application